{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red103\green183\blue164;\red31\green31\blue36;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c40538\c71705\c64209;\csgenericrgb\c12054\c12284\c14131;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9500\viewh13600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. AppDelegate \
2. AppCoordinator (conform to Coordinator protocol) -> create Home\
3. HomeViewController -> Coordinator\
4. ViewModel injectable API\
5. API protocol -> API send with Generics on top of URLSession\
6. Request has associatedtype Response, API configured with parameters \
For example: SearchRequest has <http://api.deezer.com/search/artist?q=kygo> where q= is parameters\
7. All models conforms to Codable\
8. Coordinator inits viewController with viewModel\
9. viewModel has Bindable (which can be easily replaced with delegates / blocs or RX binding) properties which conforms to Bindable protocol\
10. ViewCOntroller contains viewModel and tableView and with subscribes to bindable observers to update UI\
11. If no result - we show "no result view"\
12. View contains searchResultController for searchBar - simpliest way to implement API search\
13. Cell consist of name Label and imageView which is scustom loadableImageView with it's own NSCache storage for already loaded images\
We could achieve same result using 3rd party sd_webimage / Nuke or Kingfisher\
14. Next screen simply pushed in coordinator with help of block 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 onShowArtist\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 15. Artist VC contains simple collectionView with 2 colums which implemets custom collectionViewLayout.\
16. Album VC init using common coordination system just with album injected in init\
17. It has simple tableView with custom Stretchy tableHeaderView\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 18. To show time I made an extension to Int to convert it to Time format String\
19. Unit tests has different varieties of tests for API, Cordinators, ViewModels or even some helpers/}